setup xtask infra for cheatsheets (#159)
ferrous-systems/rust-training: xtask/README.md

# Cheatsheets

## Why

Teaching Rust can be hard, and it's harder when trainees we teach come from different programming language backgrounds.

A person in Python might have more questions about memory safety in general, since the GC allows them not to worry about that, but a person from C++ would be confused by the keyword `move` in a closure.

To alleviate this, we've created some cheatsheets of the form 

```
# Applied Rust

## Methods and Traits
...
## Rust I/O Traits
...
## Generics
...
```

per programming language that match each slide we have in our normal syllabus with an entry on the second header (`## Methods and Traits`, for example) level.

## How

> As `training-material` grows and changes, maintenance could be a nightmare. We basically don't want to be in the business of remember that a certain slide got reordered or moved from one section to another and thus needs changing in all the cheathseets as well. Therefore, this tool seeks to alleviate that with the following workflow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As `training-material` grows and changes, maintenance could be a nightmare. We basically don't want to be in the business of remembering that a certain slide got reordered or moved from one section to another and thus needs changing in all the cheatsheets as well. Therefore, this tool seeks to alleviate that with the following workflow:
```

* call `cargo xtask make-cheatsheet python` at the root folder

> * scrape Markdown headers in `SUMMARY.md` and segment topics by `Rust Fundamentals`, `Applied Rust` and `Advanced Rust`

Reviewer: Who does this - the user or the tool? Because step 1 in this list is something the user has to do.

Author: Yes, for now it's the user's responsibility to run the check after modifying any of the cheatsheets - I wouldn't mind doing a follow up PR that adds it to the build scripts. I'll add that as a follow up task for myself on Clickup.
